<h1>Japan</h1>

<h2 id="kyoto">Kyoto</h2>

<h4>March 31 - April 2 (Day 1)</h4>

The timeline of today’s entry will be very convoluted. We are going to completely redefine what a “day” is, and it will only make sense if you don’t think about it too much. Don’t blame me, blame the human time system, an arbitrary concept which could have been designed much better, but it’s now the universal standard and it’s too late to change it. 

Today took place over the course of three days. In fact, today probably started at the end of the first day. You see, today was a travel day. I had to pack (yes, I packed last minute for a 4 month trip, in the course of 1-2 hours), and spend my final day with Sangeetha, who was home for spring break. After an average Thai dinner and an underwhelming attempt to binge Pantheon (animated TV show), I was dropped off at SFO and boarded my flight just after midnight (the second day of today has occurred).

Airplane food on Asian Airlines is vastly superior to its counterpart on European or American Airlines. One can only hope the latter discovers flavor. I landed in Taipei at 5:30am, the following day, since I crossed the international date line (the third day has occurred). I decided to use my layover time to check out the airport. It was a waste of time, there is nothing special about the Taipei airport, it’s just your average airport. Good food though, I had some braised beef noodles. I spent the remaining time catching up on the news, and in wonderful fashion, Le Pen was found guilty of embezzlement and barred from running in 2027. One can only hope France does not go down the facism route.

I boarded my flight to Japan, and landed a bit behind schedule. Now, I don’t know how Tokyo is, but the Osaka airport is miserably…. involved, let’s say. As I had not filled out the Japan Tourism arrival online form, I did not have a QR code, which seemed to be needed everywhere. They would not let you do anything without one. In fact, when asked if I have my QR code, I responded no, and they didn’t let me through to immigration. The internet at the airport was spotty, so I was taking quite awhile to fill out the online form, but before I could finish, a different worker pointed me to the paper arrival card area. That could have saved me 30 minutes. I finally made it through, found my luggage, went to fill out another paper customs declaration card (I knew to look for it this time), and was ready to go. 

I now needed an ICOCA card for local travel, and tickets for the express train to Kyoto. Both could only be purchased with cash. I had to go find an ATM, find where I could purchase them, and managed to barely make the train in time. I had a wonderful train ride to Kyoto, where I took a Timelapse along the way, and checked into my hostel. 

The end of my day consisted of speaking with Dede, a Danish girl about things to do in Kyoto. It seems she kept getting caught in tourist traps, and was warning me not do so half the things she had done. After, I decided to go for walk, with no particular direction in mind. I came across this beautiful park, with shrines, cherry blossoms galore, and tourists. There are tons of food stalls and vendors, and the place is riddled with tourists. Despite this, the park was quite nice and I got some wonderful pictures and tasty food.

I have now returned to my hostel, and will have a much needed rest to tackle day 2. 

<h4>April 3 (Day 2)</h4>

The second day was all about getting the touristy things out of the way. I had woken up in the middle of the night, around 2:30am still due to jet lag, and popped a melatonin before attempting to sleep. Despite this, I still woke up around 7am. By 8am, I was out the door, ready to tackle the palace and castles, which once represented the Old Capital before it was moved in the 1800s to Edo (now called Tokyo).

On my way to the main station, I realized that I skipped out on one of the most important aspects of living: food. I had not eaten breakfast. However, I wanted a big hearty meal, not a quick pastry and coffee, and the only thing in my vicinity was this ramen place. The restaurant was tiny, and the staff did not speak english, but that did not stop me from using the power of my index finger. Not only was I able to use it to hold up the number 1, but I was also able to point at a random item on the menu. It had turned out I ordered a shoyu-based ramen (soy sauce), with this concentrated chili paste on the side. The flavor was big, but the portion size was bigger. You know me, I eat a lot, yet I struggled to finish it. However, that was kind of a blessing in disguise, because that managed to last me through lunch, saving me time and money. After thanking the server and chef, I headed out to my first stop, the Nijo Castle.

The Nijo Castle is basically this double moat castle in the heart of Kyoto. Built in the 1600s during the Tokugawa shoganate, it served as the residence of the Shoguns, and the home of the imperial court. It has one outer moat that surrounds the gardens and a palace, then within that moat another moat that housed yet a smaller garden and another palace. The palace was actually burned down in a city-wide fire in 1788, and rebuilt in 1893. The imperial prince at the time actually made his main residence within the smaller moat after the rebuild. The thing I found coolest about the palace was walking around on the wooden beams. The loose nails in the floor would scrape against the wood such a way that each step you make created almost a chirp from a bird. I have videos and pictures, but another tourist informed me that taking photos was prohibited. Whoops. Well, I have 'em anyway.

The imperial palace was much larger. There was a tiny little moat surrounding it, but it was more decorative than practical. Inside the palace walls was the bonsai garden and many, many rooms, but outside was just a large park. The most interesting thing that happened was the spontaneous rain. It started to rain, and by the time I brought out my umbrella, the rain was gone. This happened 3 separate times.

Next, I made my way to the Daigo-Ji Temple, a Buddhist temple right on the edge of the city. This I think is a must-go stop in the city of Kyoto. Everything about it was absolutely serene, including even the walk from the subway. There is beautiful Architectures, shrines, pagodas, waterways, but the things that stood out were the cherry blossoms. It was like a forest of white. I walked through the entire complex, and found a nice bench near a tiny waterfall flowing into the nearby pond. 

By this time, I got hungry, and went to the Nishi Market. This is a whole pedestrian area, full of shops and food. I saw some interesting shops, including a clothing store called "Niko and ...". Umm, thats ominous, Niko and what...? I tried some hamo, which is a type of saltwater pike, and some matcha ice cream. Both were delicions. However, things started closing down, so I decided it was a good time to retire.

I met up with my hostel mates again, Dede was still there, but the Australian girl had left for the F1 Grand Prix in Suzuka, and was replaced with Chris, a German guy around my age. Somehow, he had built up 5 months of paid time off, and was using it to travel around. Before this, he went to New Zealand, and then to the Phillipines. The Phillipines was nice, but he had missed hiking in New Zealand so much, that when I mentioned my hiking plans for tomorrow, he excitedly asked to join me. All three of us made plans for the evening to see the Kyoto Tower and grab some dinner. The kyoto tower was nice, especially lit up at night, but nothing to shout home about. After another delicious bowl of Ramen, we returned home, where I very quickly fell asleep.

<h4>April 4 (Day 3)</h4>

I again had to take melatonin at 3 in the morning, and once again woke up at 7:00am approx. I hung out in my room until 8am, when I decided that it would be best to start the day and quickly showered up. As soon as Chris, was ready, we set off for the Philosopher's path, grabbing some cold udon for breakfast along the way.

The Philosopher's path is a canal lined with Cherry Blossoms, and full of shrines and temples along the way. It was beautiful, but very touristy, as it was difficult to get solitary pictures. In fact, even one of the large temples near the end, the Higashiyama Temple, required a payment to enter. Despite this, a lot of the temples were highly rated, so we went to check them out.

At the end of the path, there was a little trail that went off into the hills. That trail was the start of our 15km walk, up the peak of Mt. Daimonji, down towards the Romon waterfall, and finally across all the way to Otsu. The beginning portion was rough, because the overall trail was a steep incline to the peak, but then a leisurely decline down towards Otsu. Not only that, but we realized that the Romon falls required a 2km detour, but even worse, we would have to go steeply down, meaning we would also have to go steeply up. After a minute of contemplation, we decided to take the detour. It was a nice hike, but was it worth it? Of course not. The rivers were a little dry, and the falls were very underwhelming. We both definitely saw the potential if the rivers were more full, however, we should be refunded for the final product we got on the day.

What was worth it however, was the view from the peak of Mt. Daimonji. We could see the entire Kyoto Metro Area, a bit of the Osaka Outskirs, and slice of Otsu surrounding Lake Biwa, Japan's Largest Lake. We decided to have the cold udon noodles we packed at the top, which felt satisfying knowing the hardest part was behind us.

The rest of the hike had some very interesting moments. Google Maps got very inaccurate multiple times, and we had to use our intuition to recognize if we were moving in the correct direction. In multiple places, the trail was overgrown or full of leaves, which made us question if we were lost. But through pushing through it, we managed to make it to the road, which would take us all the way down to Otsu. Kinda. It turned out, there was a fence blocking the road, and on the other side was the continuation of the road. As we were far away from Kyoto by this point, quite committed, we ended up crawling through a gap under the fence, before continuing our journey. We also walked through some golf grounds, and we saw these automated unmanned carts carrying people's golf clubs for them, on these tiny little tracks.

We finally made it to Otsu, and reached a park by the lake. We sat down, and looked at things to even do there, and it wasnt much. We eventually went to eat at a conveyor belt sushi place, and check out a canal that was also lined with cherry blossoms. This canal was a lot smaller, but it had the upside of zero tourists. This we dubbed as the hidden Philosppher's path. We finally checked out another Buddhist temple, before heading back to Kyoto via train, and our hostel.

We pretty much rested for the rest of the day. We had another roommate join us, Fabrizio, an older Italian, also here for the F1 Suzuka Grand Prix. We went out to dinner, an italian restaurant this time which was overpriced in my opinion, but a nice change of pace nonetheless. We made plans for tomorrow, and upon returning back to the hostel, I crashed.

<h4>April 5 (Day 4)</h4>

Day 4 was a half day for me. This time, I did not wake up in the middle of the night, and instead woke up around 6am. I decided once again to chill in bed, until we got ready to go out around 8am to see the Arashiyama Bamboo Forest, and the Monkey Park at Iwatayama Summit.

The bamboo forest was yet another touristy place. I managed to get a nice picture or two, but Fabrizio and Chris were not so lucky. We were joking about whether or not it was man-made, as bamboo is one of if no the fastest growing plant, and the surrounding hills did not have any bamboo. After walking through the forest, we went up a hill to get some nice views of a river valley, which had cherry blossoms stretching into the hillside. We came down, walking through the Arashiyama park, another park full of cherry blossoms, and walked along the river all the way to the monkey hill. The hill was a bit steep, but the climb was worth it. At the top, monkeys ran around everywhere, obviously not afraid of the humans, and they were very entertaining to watch. We also had a nice view of the city.

After coming down, we decided to look into grabbing lunch. However, the area was soo touristy nothing looked good, and was way overpriced. They decided to grab some food from 7-eleven, before heading to Nijo Castle to do some touristy things. As I had already done that, I decided to part ways, grab proper food, and complete some logistical items. First on the list was my shinkansen tickets, the bullet train that would take me to my next destination: Hakone. After, I needed to purchase a 2-3 adaptor. Japan uses the same adaptors as the united states, but I did not realize that all the plugs only have 2 holes in them, without ground. This prevents me from charging my laptop. After acquiring that at the most overstimulating store (colorful signs with big letters everywhere, which made you a bit dizzy), I headed back to the hostel.

On my way, I saw a bunch of people standing in line for this tiny restaurant. I would have completely missed it if not for the line. Given the fact that all of them were japanese locals, and no tourists, I thought this might be the best place to eat. I was right, best meal I've had thus far. The restaurant worked as follows: You go to a ticketing machine, select what you want to order, and pay immediately. The machine gives you a ticket, and then you go stand in line. As you approach the front, one of the chefs will come outsite and take your ticket. When it's your turn to enter, you enter this tiny restaurant that can house 5 people at a time, and sit at the bar right in front of the kitchen, where you are immediately handed your order. I ordered Tsukemen, a type of deconstructed ramne. They give you cold, hand-made ramen, and pipping hot, very concentrated, dipping sauce. You dip the ramen into the sauce, bite by bite, until you finish the noodles. They then give you soup stock, which you pour into the sauce to turn it into a soup for you to finish. Its up to you how concentrated or brothy you want your soup to be.

I returned home and just relaxed, for the rest of the evening, only going out once more for dinner. I had Japanese curry, which I've got to say, they do a terrible job. Please stick to sushi and ramen, you have a good thing going, leave curry to South Asia and South East Asia. It is my opinion that anyone who likes Japanese curry is just convincing themselves to like it, because they feel they are supposed to given how touted Japanese cuisine is.

After returning home, I showered up and packed up all my things, ready for my travel day tomorrow for Hakone.

<h2 id="hakone">Hakone</h2>

<h4>April 6 (Day 5)</h4>

Day 5 was my travel day. While everything was set up the day before, meaning it should have been the simplest, smoothest day, today was anything but.

I woke up at 9am, wore my set last clean clothes (since I was going to do my laundry at my next place anyway), exchanged contact with Chris, checked out by 10am, and made the 10:33am shinkansen to Odawara. The bullet trains are fast. Not only do you feel the acceleration for a lot longer than you expect, but you also get surprised how much distance you cover. A little into the trip, I decided to open Google Maps to check how long the train was, and I was shocked to see how far away from Kyoto station I was. Even the hills and mountains I passed in the far distance became no longer visible out my window within 30 seconds, which was another thing I had noticed.

I arrived at Odawara station, and promptly picked up a bus to Hakone, where I was staying. It started raining almost immediately after I entered the bus, however I forgot to thank nature for waiting. I must remember to do that next time. The bus took an hour and passed through scenic areas. Pretty views of the mountains, the lake, and we even passed by <a name="owakudani" style="color:inherit;">Owakudani, a volcanic valley with active sulfur vents and hot springs, where we could see steam eminating from the barren ground.</a>

The bus reached my stop around 2pm, however I could not check in until 4pm. I decided to hang out in the common room for 2 hours, as I did not want to walk around dragging my luggage everywhere. After asking a guest for the wifi password, I watched the latest episode of Jet Lag the Game with Sangeetha, and had some vending machine noodles for lunch. Once checked in, and bags unloaded, I went to go run the laundry when I realized: I dont have any laundry detergent. And the worst part was, I didnt pick any up while I was in Kyoto, the big city, and now the nearest place I could get laundry detergent was an hour bus ride away. 

It took me two hours to go there and back to acquire my laundry detergent, and by then I was feeling hungry. Thats when the next problem struck. It turned out, all the restaurants in my local area closed at 4. I need to be weary of that during my stay here. The nearest restaurant that was open was almost hour away, 20 minutes by bus followed by 30 minutes of walking. I decided it was worth it, as I needed dinner, but also it was near the Hakone Shrine, a large red shrine out on the water.

While waiting for the bus, I was able to get a nice view of the local area. I saw the pirate ship, which I will take at a later date docked at the nearby port on the lake, and got a really nice view of the lake from a lookout point. The layers of hills, each one a different grade overlapping one another as the lake disappeared in the distance reminded me a lot of Lecco. After taking the bus and walking for a bit I got some very nice views of the lake, but also found some hidden pathways down to the lake. One of them were stairs leading into the foliage, which was mostly overgrown, but also created sort of a tunnel effect as you walked under the tall grass. It led to a secluded beachside, which I decided I must come back to during the daytime. I finally reached the shrine, but by then it was quite dark and there wasnt much of a view.

By this point, only two restaurants were open, one of which was a family owned restaurant and bar which had a very homey appearance. I ordered this braised pork belly bowl, which was delicious, and talked with the owners a little bit. It turned out, the current owners became that only 2 months ago, when the previous owners retired. After dinner, I wanted to take the bus home, when I got hit with the final nail in the coffin: the busses had stopped running! I would have to walk 7 km back to my hostel, in the cold dark, through the woods. My motivating factor in that moment was merely the sooner I got started, the sooner I would get back, and it wasnt that bad as my estimated time of arrival was 9:00pm.

It was a beautiful walk under the moonlight, but I was not enjoying it very much. Nonetheless, I made it back to my hostel, where I was able to shower up, and crash.

<h4>April 7 (Day 6)</h4>

Today was a chill day. I wanted nothing more than to relax and do nothing. I had planned on my chill day being a different day, but based on the weather, doway was going to be thunderstormy, which was not great conditions for going out and doing activities. The next two days are going to be sunny, and those are the perfect days to do lots of travelling and taking many pictures.

I waited out the storm by watching tv shows, youtube, and catching up on my journal. I also finally did my laundry, so I am ready for the next week. Despite being indoors, I could hear the thunder booming outside, and was soo glad I was dry, indoors, laying on a comfy bed. When the storm subsided, I decided to head out to grab food. Unfortunately, I was too late to grab food in my local area, but there were more options in the surrounding villages stil open, prompting me to go elsewhere and try something new. 

I took the bus to a nearby village, where I had to climb many stairs up the mountain from the bus stop below. I was out of breath when I reached the top, but the village was beautiful. More cherry blossoms, creeks with cascades, and even a tiny train station. I did not know that existed, or where the train even goes to, because this was something that did not appear on Google Maps. 

I ate at this tofu restaurant, and probably had my second most delicious meal. I had this crispy tofu in some savory sauce with eggs, leeks, caramelized onions, and rice, and a side of tofu miso soup and chilled sake. After dinner, I walked back to a different bus stop passing by a whole river of hot-spring water with steam eminating from it. Luckily the busses were still running, so I got home in no time.

The last activity I decided to do was the onsen. My hotel had a public bath created from the hot springs, one for men, and one for women, however it was a bathing area with strict rules. The weird rules were, no bathing in bathing suits, you had to be fully nude. That was extremely uncomfortable, but I needed to shower and wind down, and the fact there were other people there actually made it less weird. The onsen was actually quite relaxing, but it was actually very warm, to the point of hot tub temperatures. Truth be told, the best part of the experience was the cold shower I had after exiting. After the process, I also got to put on a traditional Japanese Yukata, which was pretty cool to wear.

I am now winding down, ready to do the classic Hakone touristy stuff tomorrow. 

<h4 id="recent">April 8 (Day 7)</h4>

I got to sleep in today. That was incredible, with the exception that I am still naturally waking up at 7am approximately. After getting up, showering, brushing my teeth, and locking my valueables in the locker, I was out the door by 8:50am. My hostel is very close to the cable-car station that takes us up to <a href="/japan#owakudani">Owakendai<sup>⌕</sup></a>, which opens at 9:00am.

I will say, it was underwhelming, because I got unlucky. Due to a new vent that opened up from a minor eruption in 2023, only the parking lot was open, and we were barred entry into the park itself due to the toxic air. Only the touristy souvenir shop was open, as well as a small shrine next to some natural hot springs. The silver linning is that the parking lot is at a higher vantage point than the rest of the park, so I was able to take pictures of majority of the park from afar. As an added benefit, as we were on top of the mountain, I was able to look above the hills and get a beautiful view of Mt. Fuji. 

After returning down to the lake, I took the pirate ship ferry across the lake. Being out on the water, feeling the wind, and seeing the sights was quite relaxing. I spoke with a couple of tourists after hearing them speak Spanish, one couple was from Spain, while the other solo traveller was from Venezuela. They were overjoyed that today was a day of clear blue skies, as it was their last day and yesterday the thunderstorms, mist, and gloomy clouds did not provide the ideal environment for sightseeing.

We arrived at the south part of the lake, at a small tiny mountain town. I decided to go around and explore, before walking to the next town over. The town had a small shinto temple, which was not much to offer, but 